Dude. I. ... LIKE... Who? look away because you put shit after the spinner. Dude this map already never ends at the end. Look look look. Listen listen. Okay. Like, like this. Okay. Big jumps, alright, alright. Okay fine, there's an outro, alright. Come on, you're about to end. You expect it.. it's about to end on this one stream and that's it. No, it goes back again and you get another one. It keeps going like you're about end. Yeah, yeah. Oh, there's a big….. one more jump right. Okay. Nope, there's still more jumps. And then you get this. And then you get this stupid thing. And then the spinner and then there's one more, there's two more. Stop!!! Just shut the fuck up and end the song already!!! This is fucking unbelievable… Whatever I'll let Mathi go fc that. He's better than me anyways. He can read higher ar. Doesn't lose stamina by single tapping and he can hit triples with his other finger and he can play ar 11 in 10 tries. He's just a well...he's just a better player than i am. He's got a bigger cock than me, more handsome, better looking, better grades, richer than me, better lifestyle, better computer, better desk, better chair, better house, better country, better everything. He's got everything, you know, better. He's got more bitches than me. I got none. He got 50 lying around around the corner, chilling. Unbelievable. All around the corner, He got more money, more asset. He got better everything, better client, better stream, better urgh, i got everything to lose man. What does "Not for sale fossil" even mean? Like a fossil that's not for sale? Why don't they just say "Fossil not for sale"? Kinda dumb if you think about it. Or is he tal- or is he like refering to like a person, like, "Not for sale, fossil."? He's calling a grandma or grandpa... old. Why would she even be selling a fossil? She a archeologist? Ohh, maybe it's about like... her selling her soul to like... oh I don't think I can talk about this on stream. This is actually one of my least favorite maps in all of existence. Like I know I can fc this but this map is so fucking dogwater god awful, like, bullshit, underwater, coral reef, coffin level, graveyard, shitbag like, fucked up, cat piss, cat poop map. This is like literal like dirt. It isn't even dirt its like sand. Blown away in the Swind. So bad. Its like salt and seawater. Horrible. what oh my god 😱 it’s a stop sign 🛑 finding Nemo 🐠 gold fish 🐡 dory 🐟 NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC 🟨 GODDAMMIT I'm going to go to mars and I will inhale dirt.  im gonna try.. singletapping.(6 seconds pass) wait, did i just say ill try using hidden? im stupid i meant to say, im gonna try singletapping (says while alting_) I FEEL LIKE ARICIN RIGHT NOW. INFINITE STAMINA thank you so much for the donuts what the fuck you went off man youre HUGE you have big balls    Actually, it wasn't a blunder, holy shit! ONE THOUSAND PP! One thousand pp!  One thousand pp! Oh my God, one thousand pp! One thousand pp! Ohhh, what a time to be alive! One thousand pp. One thousand pp. One thousand pp! What a time to be alive. Thank you emu, thank you.   I position my pinkie 45 degrees and if you take the sin of that and find the hypotenuse you can figure out that your hand slows down 10 percent in the negative direction if we define our positive in the right and our negative to the left we can decide that by angling it 10 degrees we can slow down by 10 percent 
